LoadScalable: limit reactive power scaling (#3896)
powsybl/powsybl-core: docs/grid_features/network_modifications.md

## Scaling
<span style="color: red">TODO</span>

### Scaling Parameters

#### scalingConvention
<span style="color: red">TODO</span>

#### constantPowerFactor
<span style="color: red">TODO</span>

#### reconnect
<span style="color: red">TODO</span>

#### priority
<span style="color: red">TODO</span>

#### ignoredInjectionIds
<span style="color: red">TODO</span>

#### loadMinPowerFactor

> The minimum power factor allowed when scaling load reactive power. Only applies when `constantPowerFactor` is `true`.

Reviewer: Maybe we should clarify "The minimum active/apparent power factor (ie P/S factor) allowed when scaling load reactive power Q.", to make very clear that its not a P/Q power factor

Normally, the reactive power Q is scaled proportionally to the active power P to keep the power factor constant. If the initial power factor is below this value, Q is instead recomputed from the new P using this minimum power factor. Default is `0.0` (disabled). Must be in the range `[0, 1]`.

#### loadMinQRate
The minimum allowed ratio between the scaled reactive power and the initial reactive power. Only applies when `constantPowerFactor` is `true`.

> Prevents Q from decreasing too much relative to its initial value. After proportional scaling, Q is limited so it cannot fall below this multiple of its initial value. For example, a value of `0.5` means Q cannot drop below half its initial value. For negative Q, the constraint is symmetric: Q cannot become less negative than `Q_initial * loadMinQRate`. Default is `Double.MIN_VALUE` (disabled).

Reviewer: loadMinQRate must be <= 1 and loadMaxQRate must be >=1 -> it should be documented and enforced

> Prevents Q from decreasing too much relative to its initial value. After proportional scaling, Q is limited so it cannot fall below this multiple of its initial value. For example, a value of `0.5` means Q cannot drop below half its initial value. For negative Q, the constraint is symmetric: Q cannot become less negative than `Q_initial * loadMinQRate`. Default is `null` (disabled). Must be in <= 1.

Reviewer: Conciseness again. The text below is shorter, but also clearer

"Prevents Q from decreasing too much relative to its initial value. After proportional scaling, Q is limited so it cannot fall below this multiple of its initial value. For example, a value of `0.5` means Q cannot drop below half its initial value. For negative Q, the constraint is symmetric: Q cannot become less negative than `Q_initial * loadMinQRate`."

VS 

"Prevents Q from deviating too much from its initial value by enforcing that `Q_scaled >= Q_initial * loadMinQRate` if Q_initial >=0, or  `Q_scaled <= Q_initial * loadMinQRate` otherwise. "

Author: Done :+1:

> Prevents Q from decreasing too much relative to its initial value. After proportional scaling, Q is limited so it cannot fall below this multiple of its initial value. For example, a value of `0.5` means Q cannot drop below half its initial value. For negative Q, the constraint is symmetric: Q cannot become less negative than `Q_initial * loadMinQRate`. Default is `Double.MIN_VALUE` (disabled). Must be in <= 1.

Reviewer: Update doc with new default value for loadMinQRate and loadMaxQRate

Author: Done :+1:

#### loadMaxQRate
The maximum allowed ratio between the scaled reactive power and the initial reactive power. Only applies when `constantPowerFactor` is `true`.

> Prevents Q from deviating too much from its initial value by enforcing that `Q_scaled <= Q_initial * loadMaxQRate` if `Q_initial >= 0`, or `Q_scaled >= Q_initial * loadMaxQRate` otherwise. Default is `null` (disabled). Must be in >= 1.

Reviewer 2: here some formatting suggestions and added missing documentation that Qrate limits have higher "priority" than min PF limit.

```suggestion
#### loadMinPowerFactor
The minimum active/apparent power factor (ie P/S factor) allowed when scaling load reactive power Q.
Only applies when `constantPowerFactor` is `true`.

Normally, the reactive power Q is scaled proportionally to the active power P to keep the power factor constant.
If the initial power factor is below this value, Q is instead recomputed from the new P using this minimum power factor.
Default is `0.0` meaning that no minimum power factor is enforced. Must be in the range `[0, 1]`.

#### loadMinQRate
The minimum allowed ratio between the scaled reactive power and the initial reactive power.
Only applies when `constantPowerFactor` is `true`.

Prevents Q from deviating too much from its initial value by enforcing that:
- `Q_scaled >= Q_initial * loadMinQRate` if `Q_initial >= 0`,
- or `Q_scaled <= Q_initial * loadMinQRate` otherwise.

Default is `null` meaning that no minimum Q rate limit is applied. Must be less than or equal to `1.0`.

`loadMinQRate` is applied after [`loadMinPowerFactor`](#loadMinPowerFactor),
ensuring that reactive power does not change excessively even when power factor limits have already been enforced.

#### loadMaxQRate
The maximum allowed ratio between the scaled reactive power and the initial reactive power.
Only applies when `constantPowerFactor` is `true`.

Prevents Q from deviating too much from its initial value by enforcing that:
- `Q_scaled <= Q_initial * loadMaxQRate` if `Q_initial >= 0`,
- or `Q_scaled >= Q_initial * loadMaxQRate` otherwise. 

Default is `null` meaning that no maximum Q rate limit is applied. Must be greater than or equal to `1.0`.

`loadMaxQRate` is applied after [`loadMinPowerFactor`](#loadMinPowerFactor),
ensuring that reactive power does not change excessively even when power factor limits have already been enforced.
```

Author: Done :+1:

The minimum active/apparent power factor (ie P/S factor) allowed when scaling load reactive power Q. Only applies when `constantPowerFactor` is `true`.

Normally, the reactive power Q is scaled proportionally to the active power P to keep the power factor constant. If the initial power factor is below this value, Q is instead recomputed from the new P using this minimum power factor. Default is `0.0` (disabled). Must be in the range `[0, 1]`.

#### loadMinQRate
The minimum allowed ratio between the scaled reactive power and the initial reactive power. Only applies when `constantPowerFactor` is `true`.

Prevents Q from decreasing too much relative to its initial value. After proportional scaling, Q is limited so it cannot fall below this multiple of its initial value. For example, a value of `0.5` means Q cannot drop below half its initial value. For negative Q, the constraint is symmetric: Q cannot become less negative than `Q_initial * loadMinQRate`. Default is `Double.MIN_VALUE` (disabled). Must be in <= 1.

#### loadMaxQRate
The maximum allowed ratio between the scaled reactive power and the initial reactive power. Only applies when `constantPowerFactor` is `true`.

> Prevents Q from increasing too much relative to its initial value. After proportional scaling, Q is limited so it cannot grow beyond this multiple of its initial value. For example, a value of `1.5` means Q cannot exceed 1.5 times its initial value. For negative Q, the constraint is symmetric: Q cannot become more negative than `Q_initial * loadMaxQRate`. Default is `Double.MAX_VALUE` (disabled).Must be in >= 1.

Reviewer: Add a space before "Must be in >= 1."
